PrivacyPolicy

Information You Provide to Us

We collect the information that you directly provide to us, such as when you enter it on our website, or include it in an email that you send to us. This type of collection often occurs through our business support processes, such as:

Registration or Network Account (“Account”) Creation Processes, where we ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g. name, email or physical address, country, or phone number); Account Administration Info (e.g. user name, password, or security questions); Date of Birth; and Profile Info (e.g. profile photo, languages, likes).Technical and Customer Support Processes, where we may ask you to provide contact info and information related to the issue you are contacting us about.

Other business processes, where we may ask you to provide information such as name, email address, and Account ID if you participate in market research surveys, beta and other user testing research, competitions, promotions or events or agree to receive marketing information from us.

In addition, we collect the information that you provide by entering it into certain Service features.

Please make sure that any personal details which you provide are accurate and current. We will send any important information relating to your Account to you using the contact information you provide (including Account security and privacy notices). You can check and update some of the information you have provided to us any time via Account Management.

Your Choices and Rights

Your Choices

You may have certain choices about how your information is collected, used, stored, and shared. These options can be accessed through your account or device settings. Please ensure that your information is up-to-date.

"Do Not Track" is an internet browser setting regarding tracking. As there are currently no agreed upon standards for the DNT signals or how to respond to them, we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy.

Your Rights

You can also access, amend or delete some information through your Account Settings page.

In some cases, your choices to provide, change or delete information may affect our ability to deliver our Services, or your user experience. We may decline to process requests which are not otherwise required by applicable law. You have the right not to be unlawfully discriminated against because you have exercised these rights.

INFORMATION FOR EU RESIDENTS

You can exercise all the rights provided for in section “What rights in relation to personal data do you have?” in accordance with GDPR.

Please, note that in order to ensure your rights regarding collection, storage and processing of personal data, you have a right to file a complaint with the authority at your place of residence. The list of responsible authorities can be found at: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en .

Please, note that in accordance with section “Is personal data transferred to third parties?" your data may be transferred to our partners who are located in the Russian Federation and USA. These countries may not provide the same level of data protection as the legislation of your country of residence.

We undertake to store your personal data only in those jurisdictions that use the necessary security mechanisms to protect your personal data, including various data encryption methods. With each of the partners, we accept obligations under the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission, which give us a legal basis for such transfer.

Although we and third-party partners take all reasonable and necessary measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access by third parties, we must inform you about the potential risks of such storage of your personal data within jurisdictions outside of the EEA in accordance with Article 49 (1) (a) GDPR.

Among such potential risks are:

 existence of rules and regulations on processing of personal data in such jurisdictions other than GDPR. Despite this, we provide personal data subjects with the level of guarantees provided to personal data subjects by GDPR.

 Obtaining access to your personal data by government agencies of the Russian Federation or the United States, or other special government services. However, such access can be obtained by these authorities only in accordance with the current legislation of the relevant country and if there are legal grounds for obtaining access. We undertake not to disclose data in absence of a legitimate reason and to do so only to the minimum extent necessary for this.

 Attempts to illegally access personal data. We take all the necessary measures to prevent such attempts and prevent unauthorized access to your personal data.

By agreeing to processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, you give us explicit consent to transfer your personal data to jurisdictions outside the EEA, despite all possible risks of such transfer.

We collect and receive information from and about you by different means as described below.


Information Use

This section explains how we may use the information we collect about you. We may combine information from any of the sources explained in the “Information That We Collect or Receive” section of this Privacy Policy. For example, we may process together information we have collected from you, your visits to our website, your device history, etc., for the purposes explained in this Privacy Policy.

Services

We may use your information to operate our Services. We may also personalize the services we provide to you based on the information we have collected about you (for instance, we may use your IP address to display content relevant for your area). And, to enable accessibility settings functions (for you, or other users), we may convert your voice data to text.

Development

We use the information we collect to understand, improve and enhance our existing Services, your experiences with them, and our business operations, and to develop new ones. For example, we may use the information to develop and optimize user interfaces or game performance.

Moderation and Safety

We cannot monitor the whole of Network and make no commitment to do so. However, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to monitor (including through the use of technology that automatically detects images, text, and URLs that breach our Terms of Service) and record your online activity and communication throughout Network and to remove and/or delete any content. We may use the information we collect (as described above) to detect breaches and enforce our Network Terms of Service, Software Usage Terms, System Software License Agreements, any other terms of service you have agreed to and any rules or codes of conduct applicable to your use of Network.

Legal and Compliance

We may use the information we collect for auditing, compliance and legal purposes (for example, protecting the rights and property its partners and customers).

Information Sharing and Transfers

This section explains how we may share the information we collect with third parties that provide services to us or provide games and apps on Network that you use. We do not and will not accept money in exchange for sharing PI. We may share your information with the following recipients and for the following purposes.

Service Providers

HOW LONG DO WE STORE PERSONAL DATA?

We do our best to limit the period of data processing to the necessary minimum and not store it for longer than it is reasonably necessary.

In accordance with the applicable law, we process your personal data only while you play Games, as well as for three years from the date of your last gaming session and activity in the Game. It is necessary to ensure your ability to restore your game progress and analyze your use of our Games.

In case the applicable data protection legislation changes to require personal data storage for a longer or shorter period, we will store your personal data in accordance with these new legal requirements.

Please note that upon expiration of the specified period, your data will be deleted, and you will not be able to restore your game progress.

As for the storage of Cookies on the Website, their storage is limited to the period of your session on the Website. However, there are several types of Cookies that can be stored for up to 1 year. These include Cookies that store information about the first visit of the Website and User's Device.


We share information with service providers, who are persons or companies that provide services which may include handling PI for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Service providers are required to adhere to this Privacy Policy, and confidentiality and security requirements.

Government Authorities

We may share your information with police and other government authorities if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or legal process, to detect, protect and enforce the safety of any person, their property or their rights, to address fraud and security and report criminal activity. The majority of the cases in which we have shared information with police and government authorities concern their investigations into stolen devices, or moderation purposes and safety of users. In a small number of cases, we have also provided information in response to anti-fraud or more serious criminal investigations.



How to Contact Us About this Privacy Policy

For further information on our Privacy Policy, or how users can review or change their information,please contact us send e-mail to hoffjamese947@gmail.com.

Changes to this Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time and we will update this Policy with any revisions. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you acknowledge and accept that PI will be handled in accordance with the revised Privacy Policy.